CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Rules

- Don't create a pull request on an issue that doesn't exist, create an issue first and if the changes you are proposing are said to be okay, you can go ahead and create a pull request

- Don't work on anything unless you are assigned, if you make a pull request without being assigned to that issue, it will be closed without being merged

- Don't work on more than one issue at a time, this is so that you don't make a huge pull request and others can have opportunities to work on another issue while you work on something else

- Do read the `readme.md` file

- Fill out issue and pull request(PR) templates properly, if you don't know how, check out previous issues/PR to know how they are filled or this video👇🏾

#### 👌🏾 How to fill a pull request template
![Pull Request Template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78784850/191111605-f9626ac3-4ec6-4478-9bf5-5e48e58898a1.gif)


## 👩🏽‍💻 Prerequisite Skills to Contribute

### Contribute in project

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

---

## 💥 How to Contribute

- Take a look at the existing [Issues](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/issues) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/issues/new/choose)!
- [Fork the Repo](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork). Then, create a branch for any issue that you are working on. Finally, commit your work.
- Create a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/compare) (PR), which will be promptly reviewed and given suggestions for improvements by the community.
- Add screenshots or screen captures to your Pull Request to help us understand the effects of the changes proposed in your PR.

---

## 🌟 HOW TO MAKE A PULL REQUEST:

1. Start by making a Fork of the [Code-Magic](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic) repository. Click on the <a href="https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/G4z1kEe.png" height="21" width="21"></a>Fork symbol at the top right corner.

2. Clone your new fork of the repository in the terminal/CLI on your computer with the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/Code-Magic
```

3. Navigate to the newly created Code-Magic project directory:

```bash
cd Code-Magic
```

4. Set upstream command:

```bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic.git
```

5. Create a new branch:

```bash
git checkout -b YourBranchName
```

6. Sync your fork or your local repository with the origin repository:

- In your forked repository, click on "Fetch upstream"
- Click "Fetch and merge"

### Alternatively, Git CLI way to Sync forked repository with origin repository:

```bash
git fetch upstream
```

```bash
git merge upstream/main
```

### [Github Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/addressing-merge-conflicts/resolving-a-merge-conflict-on-github) for Syncing

7. Make your changes to the source code.

8. Stage your changes and commit:

⚠️ Make sure not to commit package.json or package-lock.json file

```bash
git cz
```

9. Push your local commits to the remote repository:

```bash
git push origin YourBranchName
```

10. Create a [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)!

11. Congratulations! You've made your first contribution to [Code-Magic](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/graphs/contributors)!

🏆 After this, the maintainers will review the PR and will merge it if it helps move the Code-Magic project forward. Otherwise, it will be given constructive feedback and suggestions for the changes needed to add the PR to the codebase.

---

## 💥 Issues

In order to discuss changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.

Commit message:

docs: add rule for mentioning issue in PR

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Rules

- Don't create a pull request on an issue that doesn't exist, create an issue first and if the changes you are proposing are said to be okay, you can go ahead and create a pull request

- Don't work on anything unless you are assigned, if you make a pull request without being assigned to that issue, it will be closed without being merged

- Don't work on more than one issue at a time, this is so that you don't make a huge pull request and others can have opportunities to work on another issue while you work on something else

- Do read the `readme.md` file

- Add the Issue you worked on in your Pull Request
 
- Fill out issue and pull request(PR) templates properly, if you don't know how, check out previous issues/PR to know how they are filled or this video👇🏾

#### 👌🏾 How to fill a pull request template
![Pull Request Template](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78784850/191111605-f9626ac3-4ec6-4478-9bf5-5e48e58898a1.gif)


## 👩🏽‍💻 Prerequisite Skills to Contribute

### Contribute in project

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

---

## 💥 How to Contribute

- Take a look at the existing [Issues](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/issues) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/issues/new/choose)!
- [Fork the Repo](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork). Then, create a branch for any issue that you are working on. Finally, commit your work.
- Create a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/compare) (PR), which will be promptly reviewed and given suggestions for improvements by the community.
- Add screenshots or screen captures to your Pull Request to help us understand the effects of the changes proposed in your PR.

---

## 🌟 HOW TO MAKE A PULL REQUEST:

1. Start by making a Fork of the [Code-Magic](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic) repository. Click on the <a href="https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/G4z1kEe.png" height="21" width="21"></a>Fork symbol at the top right corner.

2. Clone your new fork of the repository in the terminal/CLI on your computer with the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/Code-Magic
```

3. Navigate to the newly created Code-Magic project directory:

```bash
cd Code-Magic
```

4. Set upstream command:

```bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic.git
```

5. Create a new branch:

```bash
git checkout -b YourBranchName
```

6. Sync your fork or your local repository with the origin repository:

- In your forked repository, click on "Fetch upstream"
- Click "Fetch and merge"

### Alternatively, Git CLI way to Sync forked repository with origin repository:

```bash
git fetch upstream
```

```bash
git merge upstream/main
```

### [Github Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/addressing-merge-conflicts/resolving-a-merge-conflict-on-github) for Syncing

7. Make your changes to the source code.

8. Stage your changes and commit:

⚠️ Make sure not to commit package.json or package-lock.json file

```bash
git cz
```

9. Push your local commits to the remote repository:

```bash
git push origin YourBranchName
```

10. Create a [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)!

11. Congratulations! You've made your first contribution to [Code-Magic](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/graphs/contributors)!

🏆 After this, the maintainers will review the PR and will merge it if it helps move the Code-Magic project forward. Otherwise, it will be given constructive feedback and suggestions for the changes needed to add the PR to the codebase.

---

## 💥 Issues

In order to discuss changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.
