README.md, before:

## Code-Magic

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic)

Code Magic is a website where you can get simple CSS tricks to make your application elegant with just few clicks.

![code magic v2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78784850/190919846-6bc18de7-34c4-4229-b6ea-d0160f8a0168.gif)

### 🧙‍♀️ Magic options available for you:
 - Pic Text - Convert images to CSS art. Just upload and get CSS art with just one click.
 - Gradient Text - Dual color gradient for your texts.
 - Gradient Border - Get dual color gradient with desired radius.
 - Gradient Backgound - Make your backgrounds stand out by applying gradient colors.
 - Animations
    - Select one of the below options
      <table>
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td align="Center" width="25%">
              <p>Skew</p>
            <td>
            <td align="Center" width="25%">
              <p>Fade</p>
            <td>
            <td align="Center" width="25%">
              <p>Spin</p>
            <td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
    - Set duration and speed for the animations
    - And boom


### ⚒️ Languages / Tools

 <table>
	 <tbody>
  <tr>
   <td align="Center" width="25%"> 
 <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://cdn.svgporn.com/logos/html-5.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML" /></a>
    <br>HTML
    </td>   
   
   <td align="Center" width="25%">
        <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://cdn.svgporn.com/logos/css-3.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="CSS" /></a>
	<br>CSS
    </td> 
  <td align="Center" width="25%">
	  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/144/000000/typescript.png" width="36" height="36" alt="Typescript" /></a>
	<br>TypeScript
    </td>   
	  </tr>
</tbody>
  </table>
	
<br>

## 🧑🏾‍💻 Demo

Check out the website: [Code Magic](https://Code-Magic.vercel.app/)

## 👇🏽 Prerequisites

Before installation, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

## 🛠️ Installation Steps

1. [Fork](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork) the project. Click on the <a href="https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/G4z1kEe.png" height="15" width="15"></a> icon in the top right to get started
2. Clone the project, you can use the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/Code-Magic
```

3. Navigate to the project directory

```bash
cd Code-Magic
```

4. Install dependencies with npm install

```bash
npm install
```

```bash
npm install -g commitizen
```

5. Run the project

```bash
npm run dev
```

## 🥂 After making a change

1. Create a new branch

```bash
git checkout -b YourBranchName
```

2. Add it to staging area

> NOTE: don't commit the package.json

```bash
git add <path to the file you worked on>
```

3. Commit your changes with

```bash
git cz
```

4. Push your changes

```bash
git push
```

## 👨‍👩‍👦 Community

Don't forget to join the discord community - [Join us](https://discord.com/invite/ufcysW9q23)

## 👩🏽‍💻 Contributing

- Contributions make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create.
- Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.
- Check out our [contribution guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## 🛡️ License

Code-Magic is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 💪🏽 Thanks to all Contributors

Thanks a lot for spending your time helping Code-Magic grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking🍻

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Dun-sin/Code-Magic)](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/graphs/contributors)

## 🙏🏽 Support

This project needs a star️ from you. Don't forget to leave a star✨

Commit message:

docs: add box-shadow description and fix typo
Added a description for the box-shadow generator and fixed a typo

README.md, after:

## Code-Magic

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic)

Code Magic is a website where you can get simple CSS tricks to make your application elegant with just few clicks.

![code magic v2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78784850/190919846-6bc18de7-34c4-4229-b6ea-d0160f8a0168.gif)

### 🧙‍♀️ Magic options available for you:
 - Pic Text - Convert images to CSS art. Just upload and get CSS art with just one click.
 - Gradient Text - Dual color gradient for your texts.
 - Gradient Border - Get dual color gradient with desired radius.
 - Gradient Background - Make your backgrounds stand out by applying gradient colors.
 - Animations
    - Select one of the below options
      <table>
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td align="Center" width="25%">
              <p>Skew</p>
            <td>
            <td align="Center" width="25%">
              <p>Fade</p>
            <td>
            <td align="Center" width="25%">
              <p>Spin</p>
            <td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
    - Set duration and speed for the animations
    - And boom
 - Box Shadow - Cast a drop shadow on you element.

### ⚒️ Languages / Tools

 <table>
	 <tbody>
  <tr>
   <td align="Center" width="25%"> 
 <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://cdn.svgporn.com/logos/html-5.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML" /></a>
    <br>HTML
    </td>   
   
   <td align="Center" width="25%">
        <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://cdn.svgporn.com/logos/css-3.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="CSS" /></a>
	<br>CSS
    </td> 
  <td align="Center" width="25%">
	  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/144/000000/typescript.png" width="36" height="36" alt="Typescript" /></a>
	<br>TypeScript
    </td>   
	  </tr>
</tbody>
  </table>
	
<br>

## 🧑🏾‍💻 Demo

Check out the website: [Code Magic](https://Code-Magic.vercel.app/)

## 👇🏽 Prerequisites

Before installation, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

## 🛠️ Installation Steps

1. [Fork](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork) the project. Click on the <a href="https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/fork"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/G4z1kEe.png" height="15" width="15"></a> icon in the top right to get started
2. Clone the project, you can use the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/Code-Magic
```

3. Navigate to the project directory

```bash
cd Code-Magic
```

4. Install dependencies with npm install

```bash
npm install
```

```bash
npm install -g commitizen
```

5. Run the project

```bash
npm run dev
```

## 🥂 After making a change

1. Create a new branch

```bash
git checkout -b YourBranchName
```

2. Add it to staging area

> NOTE: don't commit the package.json

```bash
git add <path to the file you worked on>
```

3. Commit your changes with

```bash
git cz
```

4. Push your changes

```bash
git push
```

## 👨‍👩‍👦 Community

Don't forget to join the discord community - [Join us](https://discord.com/invite/ufcysW9q23)

## 👩🏽‍💻 Contributing

- Contributions make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create.
- Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.
- Check out our [contribution guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## 🛡️ License

Code-Magic is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 💪🏽 Thanks to all Contributors

Thanks a lot for spending your time helping Code-Magic grow. Thanks a lot! Keep rocking🍻

[![Contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=Dun-sin/Code-Magic)](https://github.com/Dun-sin/Code-Magic/graphs/contributors)

## 🙏🏽 Support

This project needs a star️ from you. Don't forget to leave a star✨
